fix: Appsmith Unable to Connect to Azure PostgreSQL Database (#2499)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/deployment-errors.mdx

After each manual update, run `docker system prune -a` to clean up unused Docker images, containers, volumes, and networks. This will free up disk space and prevent similar issues in the future.

> # Unable to connect to azure postgreSQL database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unable to connect to Azure PostgreSQL database
```

> # Appsmith unable to connect to azure postgreSQL database

Reviewer: The title should not include appsmith and follow the style guide

Appsmith, hosted on Azure Web App, cannot connect to a PostgreSQL database (Azure Database for PostgreSQL flexible server).

#### Error message

<Message
  messageContainerClassName="error"
  messageContent="Test failed, couldn't establish a connection"
></Message>

#### Cause

The Appsmith instance is not integrated into the same Azure virtual network (vnet) as the PostgreSQL database. As a result, the two services are unable to communicate because they are on different networks.

#### Solution

> - Integrate Appsmith into the Azure Virtual Network (vnet). Verify that your Appsmith instance is part of the same Azure virtual network as your PostgreSQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that your Appsmith instance is part of the same Azure virtual network as your PostgreSQL database.
```

> - **Integrate Appsmith into the Azure Virtual Network (vnet):** Ensure that your Appsmith instance is part of the same Azure virtual network as your PostgreSQL database.

Reviewer: Follow the same style as we do for all other solutions. The heading for each solution is not needed. Also, the tone should be to help the user verify. Rewrite in that format.

> - Add a private endpoint for your PostgreSQL server within the same vnet. Confirm that this setup allows the Appsmith instance to connect to the database through private network routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a private endpoint for your PostgreSQL server within the same vnet and verify that the Appsmith instance can connect to the database through private network routing.
```

> - Test the connection after making these changes to ensure that the Appsmith instance can successfully connect to the PostgreSQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test the connection after making these changes.
```
